This Financial Management System is a Python-based application designed to help individuals or small businesses manage their financial data effectively. It allows users to track incomes, expenses, transactions, and investments, and to generate comprehensive financial reports over specified date ranges. To run the program, you will need Python installed on your computer. Navigate to the directory containing the program files via command line interface and execute the following command: python finance_tracker.py

Upon launching the program, you will be presented with a menu of options:

Add Income: Record a new source of income by specifying the source, amount, and date. Add Expense: Record a new expense by specifying the category, amount, and date. Add Transaction: Add details of a new financial transaction. Add Investment: Record a new investment by specifying the asset and the amount invested. Generate Report: Generate a financial report for a specific date range. Save Data to JSON: Save current financial data to a JSON file. Load Data from JSON: Load financial data from a JSON file (see Sample_Data.JSON for formatting and example usage. Convert Currency: Convert an amount from one currency to another based on real-time exchange rates. View Income: Display all recorded income entries. View Expenses: Display all recorded expenses. View Transactions: Display all recorded transactions. View Investments: Display all current investments. Quit: Exit the program. To interact with the program, type the number corresponding to the action you want to perform and press Enter. Follow the prompts to enter the required information for each action.

Interpreting the Output

Adding records: Confirmation messages will inform you if the data was added successfully. Reports: Financial reports display income, expenses, transactions, and investments within the specified dates. Saving and Loading: Feedback messages will alert you to the success or failure of data saving and loading. Currency Conversion: Shows the converted amount and the target currency.
